Add release process (#8)
ome/ome-contributing: docs/python-development.rst

Python development
==================

> Many OME repositories use

Reviewer: This is not formatted correctly see https://ome-contributing--8.org.readthedocs.build/en/8/python-development.html

Author: Fixed, thx

    $ git rebase origin/master

You will need to be able to sign commits with `gpg`. Test this with::

    $ echo "test" | gpg --clearsign

Compare the current version in `.bumpversion.cfg` with the last release version
to see if the current difference represents a patch release.
If any PRs are merged that would require the next release to be a ``major`` or ``minor`` version
(see `semver.org <https://semver.org/>`_) then that PR can include a version bump created via::

    $ bumpversion --no-tag minor|major

If this hasn't been performed prior to release and you wish to specify the next version
number directly when creating the release, this can be achieved with::

    $ bumpversion --new-version 5.9.0 release

If the version is already suitable, simply run::

    $ bumpversion release

This will remove the ``.dev0`` suffix from the current version, commit, and tag the release.

To switch back to a development version run::

    $ bumpversion --no-tag patch

NB: this assumes next release will be a ``patch`` (see below).
To complete the release, push the master branch and the release tag to origin::

    $ git push origin master v5.8.0

Publishing to Pypi
==================

> Many of the OME Python repositories use GitHub actions to pubish to Pypi

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many of the OME Python repositories use GitHub actions to publish to ` Pypi <https://pypi.org/>`_
```

> when a new Tag is created and pushed to GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when a new tag is created and pushed to GitHub.
```
